Earlier this month, I sent my husband out for a game night with his friend. He left the house and mentioned to my friend on the way out the door that he couldn't wait to come home and cuddle his wife that night. He was going to go drink, but stop early enough to drive home, and I went to bed that night expecting to wake up with him next to me.

Instead, I woke up to a super sick child and no husband. No text, no missed call. I tucked our son in bed and tried not to feel that instant panic that he was stupid and got a dui or he crashed his car on the way home. I was too scared to text him or call him because if he did crash and die on our snowy highway roads, I didn't want to know yet. And I honestly couldn't think of any other reason that man would not call or text or show up.

I ask our friend - the one he texted about coming home and asked her when should I worry. When should I call the cops or the hospital? And she tells me not to worry. He eventually texts her and tells her that he's still at his sleep over. He didn't care enough to tell his wife.

A couple weeks later I see a number on his phone, without a name. I ask him who it is, because I am not a jealous wife. He has various types of friends, but it didn't have a name so I was curious. He acted weird. Red flag. He confessed it was a woman he met the night of his sleep over, a new "friend" he made. I asked him if he made a new friend, why not tell his wife? Red flag. He didn't have a excuse. When I expressed how it looks for a married man to not come home, start texting a girl, not tell his wife- how it doesn't look good for him and it makes him look like a cheater. His only defense was... "she's a larger girl" like the size of her made it okay for him to keep her a secret. Or like I shouldn't be jealous or upset because she's a big girl. Red fucking flag. I invited her for game night. I said if you made a new friend, we'd love to meet her. I figured if he was being a cheater, he would try to avoid having me meet her. She came over and played cards and had a drink and got in the hot tub with them. She had nice tattoos and we got along fine.

But she texted me, found out on Friday that my husband of 14 years cheated on me with a girl he didn't even know. Snuck behind my back and continued to talk to her. She feels guilty because she didn't seem to know about me or that we had a closed relationship. When he was told that I knew about his secret, he played dumb like he wasn't caught. He wasn't man enough to say it out loud what he did. He didn't fess up when I asked him if he had something to confess.

He broke our marriage. He cheated, with more than just her that night. He is trying to gas light me into thinking that I deserved this. Like I deserved to be cheated on. Like I deserved to have my husband sleep with someone without a condom, then come home and touch me like nothing happened. He exposed me to stds and acts like I brought this on and pushed him to do it. My husband is either severely mentally ill or he is pure evil. I have tried to hold our marriage together. I have dragged him to multiple churches, I have begged him to write me a love letter or pay attention to me. He has treated me the same way that Britney Spears was treated, and I'm exhausted and I'm done. I've begged every family and friend that he has to ask for help. Because he needs help. But now I can't help him anymore. I have to help myself. I've been on disability since I was 25, and I can't work or run the house alone, but my kids deserve to see how a man is suppose to treat his wife and it breaks my heart that, that man is not their father.

I feel so dirty. I didn't cheat but I was exposed to whatever sexual partners and I just want to cry. But I can't sit in a shower and hide all day from my kids forever. Eventually they will have to see me get up and clean the house and learn to smile, even though he's killed the last part of me that he could. Just a cat in a box.

But now he's lost his wife. And I'm not going to feel clean for a long time.

