I miss being drunk and high. I know I can't ever go back to alcohol and cocaine but I honestly don't know how to be alive right now. I feel like I am drowning in my own feelings
Congratulations on 51 days! That's no small feat! Early sobriety is the hardest. It does get easier over time.
I'm sorry you relapsed. anyway keep in mind that it's not 3 wasted months. idk how often you used to snort but now you did it only once in 3 months. 1 time in over 90 days! that's improvement! don't let yourself get down and keep going - a relapse doesn't cancel the effort you made into staying sober for that long. now don't let your mind tell you to give up, keep going, do your best.
While addicted i got too weak to crush pills by hand. i bought a cheap crusher from walmart. im about three months clean now and my addiction has become a distant memory.
When I entered recovery I thought I had rid my home of all substances and paraphernalia. After a few months, I was cleanin out a drawer and found drugs. I was grossed out.
I have limited myself to 2 glasses of wine a day. Sometimes, I get drunk once a week. Accidently, I talk myself into one more.
And it has me more concerned now bc I tell myself, just stop. But I don't want to. It's only 2 glasses, but I feel as if I need them now. I may not get drunk, but I don't need to be drunk, I need the pain to go away.
I'm a recovering addict I had been clean for 4 months my significant other is also an addict both of us have an issue with methamphetamine use. We keep causing each other to relapse. What should I do I'm lost because I do love her and it seems like everytime I start to get clean or vice versa it's back down the rabbit hole. I don't want to leave her but I'm not sure what else to do to keep myself and to help her stay clean as well.
I found for my recovery to be successful, I had to set hard and rigid boundaries with people in my life. That included deleting and blocking all access to drugs from dealers to running partners. Additionally I had to separate from anyone, even those I love, in order to engage in true recovery. As difficult as it is, for your recovery have any real chance for long term success, you'll have to move on from relationships that are toxic or substance related. Otherwise it'll never work. Imho. I've been there, my friend.
