I'm waiting for trial to make my temporary order final and the abuser just sat down next to me
Now being charged with domestic violence, harassment, hitting shoving kicking pushing, and I'm a preschool teacher so my career is over. Devastated is an understatement.
I was recently granted a restraining order for three years from my abusive ex partner. He is sending extremely long messages to all my friends and family. He is on drugs and delusional the messages are full of lies, and delusions, trying to tear me down.
He went to jail yesterday after beating me unconscious. The girls at the store I go to wanted pictures in case he came looking for me. Then they gave me a thanksgiving plate and a shot on the house. Girls protecting girls.
My dad punched me in the face today, I already have a bump and see a black eye coming
That’s it. I miss spending all of my time with him, sleeping next to him, traveling with him, and our physical connection. I have friends now, am not walking on eggshells, not fearing another physical attack, and most importantly I control my own money but there is a tremendous hole in my heart.
I lived in fear for over a decade. At first I didn't know if I was being abused but I knew mandated reporting was a thing, and I was scared they'd take my child from me. Once I knew I was being abused I was even more afraid, and my abuser threatened to tell the court how "psychotic" and "crazy" I was, that my mental health medicine was proof and more. It escalated and escalated
If I'd known he was this bad... I might have been afraid to introduce myself sooner. Maybe we would have left earlier. But I sobbed happy tears for the first time. The weight that I have carried for so many years, that has haunted my nights, kept me awake, made me fear therapists and help... is gone.
The last chain he bound to me... it is finally broken, and I am free. I am still crying. I cannot explain the gratitude that I feel knowing the last, and scariest, thing that remained from those terrible years is no longer something I have to hide from.
I know what I’m about to say is messed up but it’s my truth. Content warning SA of a minor, relationship abuse, domestic violence, suicide
And that first time wasn’t the only time our sex was brutal. I have a lot of internal cervical/vaginal scarring from the relationship and external. Stuff that I have to deal with and jump through hoops to manage every day.
Anyway, our relationship continued until I was 18 and he ended his life. Wrong or not at the time I was in it to win it. We talked about getting married even. It’s messed up but because he was the one who did those things I know he saw all of me. I feel like he’s the only person on earth who knows the whole truth, who and what I am.
When he killed himself I was so so mad at him for leaving me here. For doing all these things to ruin me for the normal world and then not even keeping me. Not even staying. I have a note that he wrote me about how disgusted he was with himself for everything he did. That he couldn’t live with it and that he didn’t trust himself to stop hurting me ever.
I would say no to his advances, and then he would try to convince me or rub up against me while I was sleeping. This made me want to do it even less. This would cause fights where sometimes he’d become irrational and violent, and often he’d accuse me of cheating on him. If I would cry or get emotional I was “making a scene” and turning myself into the victim.
I would say no to his advances, and then he would try to convince me or rub up against me while I was sleeping. This made me want to do it even less. This would cause fights where sometimes he’d become irrational and violent, and often he’d accuse me of cheating on him. If I would cry or get emotional I was “making a scene” and turning myself into the victim.
It came to a point where I really only had sex with him because I felt guilty if I didn’t. I am now in a new relationship that is seemingly very healthy, but the trauma seeps it’s way in.
I was in an abusive relationship in 2018 and had all manor of abuse thrown at me. Sexual mental emotional and physical
It feels like she’s fetishising my trauma and something that shouldn’t be fetishised at all. I spoke to some friends about it and they said it could be a kink thing but who would have a kink for abuse? Is there such thing as consensual abuse?