I like to take pictures of my sh and save them to look through later, I know it's kinda messed up.
I use to be really bad about this. I would not only take pics, but I would save the towels i used to clean myself up with. Would keep them in a drawer in my room. Why? Idk.... the pictures though, I loved looking at. I use to have to give myself a 3 hr time limit or I'd sit there all night hurting myself. I did that for 8 years, but am currently 10 years free of all that mess.
If i ever showed her my scars i don't think she'd be able to take it. I have done so much damage behind her back. I've been in so much pain without her knowing.
Telling her would destroy her and i just can't let that happen. I'll take the scars to my grave.. she can't ever find out.
I wish i cared about me even half as much as she does, but fhe reality is that i just don't care about anything or anyone anymore. My feelings are gone. My heart is cold and dead, devoid of any love it ever had. Every joy is temporary and meaningless. Anything i could've been is ruined. I thought i could fix myself just by acting the way I wished i were, but now all I want do is lock myself alone in a dark room and throw away the key. I might end up doing that one day.
Part of me just really doesn't want to clean my cuts, I like seeing all the dried up blood.
My friend found my bladesand hid tgemffrom me im freaking put she says shes gonna tell my mom
I can't bring myself to get in there because I'm depressed and it will hurt but I know I stink and I need to wash the blood off the clothes I'm wearing
Pretty soon my moms gonna notice stuff missing from the first aid kit if I keep taking bandages from it.
What do you use to patch up wounds and stop bleeding?
Today I got really mad and on impulse made a cutting motion on my arm, without even having a knife. I haven't even cut for a month now. 
I haven’t quite made the cutting action but i get mad and rub my scars like I was cutting them. It’s been my way of coping until I relapsed today
I was forced to go cold turkey, but I can’t do it, because I don’t WANT to quit. At least when I SHed I got that temporary relief where I wasn’t thinking about suicide. They took my blades, but I’ll steal if I have to, or maybe shatter some glass. I had a dream where I relapsed, and that was my final straw
yeah i went through that recently. found a new blade the day after my parents took my old ones though. still though not having my normal blades makes me want to cut more because i’m weirdly attached to them. also my new blade is blunt af.
I'm not at all pro self harm but sometimes you can’t go cold turkey. i know that in my mental state if i got cold turkey there is a high chance of me either finding something more dangerous to self harm with or i’ll try to commit suicide. that’s the case for some people. self harm is an unhealthy coping mechanism BUT sometimes it’s the only thing to can stop someone from committing suicide. it’s better to cut with safe tools than it is to use dangerous tools or to attempt suicide. you can’t just stop an addiction without actual help. you need therapy, you need to find better coping mechanisms and you need to stop when you are ready. unless you are cutting really deep and/or not taking care of your cuts than it’s not that dangerous to cut. of course it’s still very dangerous to self harm because of risk of infection ect, but sometimes it is the safest option.
