Started taking the pills I was prescribed, and slowly started to feel better. Then anxiety hits. I was fearing for my life, I felt I had a tumor on my brain after Googling symptoms (dumb on my part), I was having hallucinations on my sleep; to this day I still feel creeped out when I get all those stress sensations.
She stresses me out like no one else can. And that is not only wanting to do every little thing for me, but also affording me ver little privacy.
Also, I am never ever just relaxing. This is probably the reason my shoulders and neck are stiff as a plank, my weight doesn't go down, always tired, always on the verge of tears, and a few other minor health issues (let's hope they don't become bigger issues!)
See a doc for some prescription drugs to lower your muscle stiffness and stress until you figure a way out of there.
I’ve had a myriad of weird health issues this year (started with some burning nerve type pain in my arms). That pain in addition to some upsetting life events I was under more stress than ever and incredibly anxious.
Around that time I noticed I have a tremor in hot showers and outside in the heat in my left hand. The tremor has escalated and happens occasionally at rest - which is terrifying. Drs have written me off and said I’m too young for Parkinson’s (my biggest worry with a resting tremor) and that my symptoms are just anxiety & stress. Which I understand, it is unlikely to be Parkinson’s and I pray that I don’t have that. But, all information I find online essentially says testing tremor = Parkinson’s.
I find myself way less stressed when I’m even the slightest bit sick and I believe it’s because my mind gets all cloudy. I find it a little harder to think when sick, but hey the more difficult it is to think, the more difficult it is to have stressful thoughts.
Right now I have a long-term stress situation going on, which won't be resolved quickly. But I just caught a mild bug from a gym session, and frankly all the usual stressors now feel kind of either switched off or dormant, while the mild illness dominates.
I have been managing my stress with family issues too so everything is a bit of a mishmash as I am angrily typing this down. And autism doesn't help with my stress management either.
Now I’ve spent the majority of the day stressed out at the fact that I had to rely on my memory to try to replay what my eye doctor’s informed me of when my mind’s already on too many things to begin with!
She stresses me out like no one else can. And that is not only wanting to do every little thing for me, but also affording me ver little privacy.
Also, I am never ever just relaxing. This is probably the reason my shoulders and neck are stiff as a plank, my weight doesn't go down, always tired, always on the verge of tears, and a few other minor health issues (let's hope they don't become bigger issues!)
I’ve had a myriad of weird health issues this year (started with some burning nerve type pain in my arms). That pain in addition to some upsetting life events I was under more stress than ever and incredibly anxious.
Around that time I noticed I have a tremor in hot showers and outside in the heat in my left hand. The tremor has escalated and happens occasionally at rest - which is terrifying. Drs have written me off and said I’m too young for Parkinson’s (my biggest worry with a resting tremor) and that my symptoms are just anxiety & stress.
So, I’m just here to understand if any others have dealt with this symptom after periods of extreme stress.
I know I’m anxious and I hope that’s all this is but just need to talk to others in my position. I am so afraid. I’m getting married soon and so scared I’m trapping my fiancé into a life of being my caretaker if this isn’t just stress :(
If I reduce my stress will I get a leaner and less puffy face. I’m lean but I’m stressing a lot and I have anxiety and I really am insecure about my face because it’s puffy.
How do you deal with lack of appetite from stress? eating is always such a chore to me, i eat a little bit and i’m already full and feeling sick… i’ve lost so much weight and i don’t know what to do.
Sorry it's more of a rant post, but I do need help managing my own stress and it just came up almost everyday. How do I do it? I felt like I could explode at any point right now.